# Directions for the user of our game
Welcome to our bot hunting game! You, the user, are challenged to find the highest number of Twitter botnets, or fake accounts on Twitter, that you can. Begin by clicking the Register button in the top right corner of the screen where you will be prompted to enter your name, username, and your password twice (in order to confirm your password). If you already have an account you will be prompted right away to log in or can navigate to the login page by clicking the Log In button in the top right corner. After logging in or registering, you will see the leaderboard which will display your placing and score compared with all other users.

You can navigate to the Submit Botnets button near the top left of the page and input a link to an account that you think is a botnet. To find a link, first navigate to a Twitter account on Twitter and copy the url to be the link to the account. An alert will display if the link has already been submitted and it will tell you if it has been identified as a bot or a human. If the link was not already submitted, after about a minute or so, the page will return how many botnets were found and your total number of botnets. If the bot hunting algorithm thinks that the Twitter account you submitted is not a botnet the page will tell you and no other accounts connected to the link you submitted will be searched because the probability of false positives goes up. Upon successful submission and identification of a bot the website will then update your score and the history table.

You can navigate to the history tab on the navigation bar to see a table containing the time you submitted the botnet, the additional botnets found from your 1 botnet submitted, and the number of points you got from that submission. You can navigate once to the leaderboard to see how you now compare against other users after submitting a botnet. You can also go to the Badges page to see what level Botnet Hunter you are (Beginner, Competent, Advanced, and Expert) and what badges you have earned (50 botnets found, 100 botnets found, 250 botnets found, 500 botnets found). You can view the table showing the number of botnets it takes to reach the next level. You can then navigate to the Report Botnets page to submit a link that is a confirmed Twitter botnet to researchers and Twitter so that they hopefully take them down.
